okay hello everyone welcome to this live
stream um let me know where you're from
it's 12:00 p.m. in California
Tuesday um as I said I want to do this
regularly I want to answer your
questions guys because I know you're
asking loads and loads of questions in
the comments below the videos so I was
thinking why not and answer your
questions live once a week and I was
thinking Tuesday to off p.m. cuz this is
me best in my calendar let's see what's
going on I'm going to open the live
stream as well so I can see your
comments uh sorry for that that's enough
okay cool ah let me see how many of you
all we have here Germany India was
Pakistan Albania fellows Germany
Slovakia hey hey hey hey yeah yeah guys
let me know where you're from Paris
Syria China
hello China um I see using VPN Texas
YouTube yes say Morocco Korea wow that's
an amazing geography I should say I'm
going to switch off all the sounds that
we have here so yeah ah Austria it's
been fun Austria even for Oscar Peru
Azerbaijan um show us the view okay yeah
I can I can actually show you the view
to start with
so it's cloudy in San Francisco today
I'm actually um live-streaming this from
my home not from the office let me show
you there um yeah the Sun just came out
yeah um Lucas yeah it's too noisy in the
office and I decided to see here so oh
wow we already have 160 people perfect
Sweden Colombia Vietnam India please
device yeah it's behind a sandwich but
this live stream is going to be in
English because I see people like from
/ which is great and the purpose of
these live streams is to actually answer
your questions because I know there are
so many and I cannot like answer every
single one of them below my videos but
this is your chance to get an answer to
your question I hope I can help you with
that
so yeah um the first question would be
um I've seen actually people asking them
what was your GPA before you were
accepted into University of Florida and
Johns Hopkins so I started my
application process to American
universities when I graduated from a
specialist to green in Russia which is
bachelor's and master's together and my
GPA was three point eight seven which
was pretty high so I did a lot in my
university to get a high GPA um so yeah
that was my GP but when you're applying
to to a university GPA is like 30% of
your application the admissions
committee is also looking on what kind
of person you are
and they're looking at your standardized
test scores so make sure you pay
attention to everything and even if your
GPA is low then you can take a
standardized test for example GMAT and
show that you actually have this
academic abilities just the university
wasn't right for you sometimes we have
people who come to us and say hey I have
been studying like mathematics for four
years but maths know what I like I love
economics and this is why my GPA is like
3.0 but Oakland zero and we tell them so
go ahead and take your GMAT prove that
you love economics and you love
mathematics that is relevant to
economics so this is the way that you
show to the admissions committee that
you've actually um you actually have
this ability to perform good
academically tune the program um I will
be going okay
I'm from New Delhi India I'm going to
the United States this fall of my
undergraduate studies any cheap as an
international students first of all
congratulations on going to the States
to do your bachelor's degree um there
very cool Congrats so my first I think
and this is advice but anyone who's
going abroad be tolerant and be
accepting other cultures and you know
open yourself can you experience this
there is so many new things here and
there are so many things you would love
and so many things you would hate like
for example in my case um I'm so just
head aspired with the medical system in
the states works and I know that many
Americans also dissatisfied and I've
seen this media recently on YouTube
saying that um if you want like a hip
replacement in the states it would cost
you the same amount as if you are flew
to Spain for two years broke your hip
twice replaced it twice I like had all
kinds of activities that are really
expensive like skiing and skating so um
yeah there are certain things you would
hate but just be open this new culture
you experience and this will definitely
help you throughout your life um I went
to pursue um master's in your positive
choice I think yes why not
do you like video games yeah my favorite
is the since um tips and methods on
TOEFL preparation oh wow I've got like I
don't know 20 videos on TOEFL um but
yeah a lot of practice oh by the way we
just launched this service which allows
you to practice online with a native
speaker from we have native speakers at
formal oh we have native speakers for
Great Britain Canada United States
Australia um all over Europe
english-speaking Europe like Ireland um
so you can go ahead there's a link below
below this video and you can just press
the button and you're going to be
connected to a native speaker and
practice and I think this is the best
way you can prepare for TOEFL speaking
part because for me speaking um like it
was so difficult because he needed to
talk to a computer and you don't see the
person you're talking to you just talk
into a microphone and we could have
created almost the same experience in
our service so you can go and go ahead
and try this language accomplish speak
um you're getting beautiful day by day I
thank you
thank you so much we'll academic papers
help my application to overcome low GPA
ah yes they will but I would also make
sure that your academic papers are in
English so that you don't have to
translate them and that they are also
relevant to what you're going to study
to your new masters um so yeah make sure
you're working on that but that's not
the only thing like academic papers
wouldn't help you overcome 2.5 GPA you
would also need to prove that like with
your as I said with your standardized
test you can prove that you're
academically performing well and also
maybe like if you have work experience
in the relevant field that would also
help what qualifications do I need as an
international student to enter into the
Ivy League Oh eleven plus SAT yes yes
but this is like the minimum requirement
if you don't have your SAT they wouldn't
even consider your application if you
don't have a look well no levels if you
don't have your high school education
that wouldn't even consider it if we're
talking about Ivy League you have to be
unique like you have to show that you're
different like you have this class of 50
people and your top 5% or you doing
something really extraordinary like I've
read this article about this team um
that one method international
mathematics Olympia schoolchildren and
they all got accepted to MIT like MIT
hunted them straight from that Olympiad
because universities like Ivy League and
top universities have really interested
in extraordinary people because these
people you know why by the way you know
why universities are interested in those
extraordinary people I've just been to
the meet up we met with the CEO of
YouTube and when the master of
ceremonies or whatever who was leading
the ceremony when he announced her he
said uh please welcome Susan the CEO of
YouTube and she graduated from Harvard
she also did her master's I don't
remember the names of the universities
but they were there like this is the key
why universities want you to go to their
University if you if they see a future
leader in you because they want you to
become a future CEO YouTube Google or
whatever
and then when somebody will be
publishing an article about you or
somebody will be inviting you to speak
at a conference you would come there and
they would say hey she graduated from
this like University of Florida and all
of the people who are listening to you
they would say hey University of Florida
is such a great University they have
amazing people graduate from that
University I want to go and try and get
there so this is white universities
would actually um want this top students
and sometimes they would sponsor their
education because they want you to go
there in the world and spread the word
about your alma mater that's the right
the right word for it
what I do for fun in the state good
question I do yoga I do um singing and I
will be releasing my music videos soon
and I also do some traveling around the
Bay Area hook-like Valley back to San
Francisco conferences meetups I meet
with a lot of bloggers um which
University in Russia do recommend me to
study dentistry so I'm not really um a
specialist in Russian medical
universities but where I lived is in
Petersburg
I live just across the first medical
university is the name of the university
first medical and it was one of the best
I guess in terms of medical education
because we had so many international
students I saw them every day going to
the universities so I think you should
consider that one and I also have a guy
who's actually renting my apartment
right now because just across his
university he's from Brazil
he's studying dentistry in Russia and
then he plans to go to LA to become a
doctor there uh does being a physician
generate money in America so the
question here is how much do doctors
earn I guess and I've read this research
recently about the top professions that
get the most money and I read the head
anesthesiologists sorry this dislike is
super so we don't forget a word so these
guys they are
the most even sometimes more than
lawyers but if you talk about a simple
physician like chin doctor it really
depends on the stage where he's working
but it's not the highest paying job I
would say hmm how can you learn more
English when you're always busy I use
English every day like I I do a lot of
work in English I do a lot of this in
English videos by the way guys if you
need to practice English try starting a
YouTube channel of following people who
speak English in YouTube um and try to
surround yourself with English as much
as possible the best ways of course to
come here or anywhere in
english-speaking country take a language
course at a local language school and
stay with a local family that's the best
for your language this is what happened
to me when I was 14 I went to the UK and
stayed with local family and I felt so
depressed because I didn't get a thing
what the family was telling me and I was
like what's going on but in two weeks I
made amazing progress and that's also
because I was 14 our brain is more
flexible at that age uh but even if
you're like 40 I think coming here
actually met a student who came to San
Francisco through language trip
sometimes I meet them if they come to
San Francisco and he shared his
experience I think he's in his 50s and
he says um like what's happening here in
terms of land which is amazing because
you talk to your teachers you talk to
your homestay and it's all in English
like fully immersed okay 3:16 and
Jerry's 76 and TOEFL experience of
raising an IT firm will be good for
applying in top colleges and you know
what we've done a lot of applications
this year and I would say 316 and Jerry
is not that high plus um if we're
talking about top colleges the minimum
TOEFL would be around 90 or 100 so I
would say if you go a little lower in
the ranking if you go like university
rank number
I know 80 100 120 that will be like safe
foot top-10 316 is little too low for
top ten normally students who have like
330 or 340 ruggieri and actually I was
surprised like how many students
actually score 340 on Jerry because it's
really hard to score 800 and GMAT which
is the maximum on Jerry the Maximus 340
and I my like I don't know this year
like 10 people who scored 340 which is
great how long is this live stream gonna
be so um I aim to do this once a week
and every Tuesday 12 p.m. for one hour
why stopped it didn't stop no okay have
you ever been to Germany after studying
abroad yes I actually went there um what
was the last well the last time was in
January because when I'm flying to the
states I'm always finding transit which
has a stop in Frankfurt but the last
time when I actually was there I think
it was 2012 foot 2003 yeah I think 2013
um we came there for Christmas for three
days interest and that was amazing
experience and we went to a hotel for
this Christmas dinner and everything was
beautiful everything was decorated for
the holidays as great which is the best
for UT Texas Arlington for our aerospace
engineering um it depends on your
profile as well for aerospace
engineering there are many great
universities yes Texas Dallas is a great
one also I think virtual University is
great for aerospace engineering actually
had this this year we had a guy let me
let me just google it um he got accepted
to a couple universe so she could keep
kids on aerospace engineering he got
accepted to the cheetah State University
it also provides financial assistance
there is also Illinois state of
Technology there is also yeah University
of Texas Arlington old Duke University's
one of the best um
Arizona State see ya um good choice the
one they used to do to two universities
you suggested a good
but also like when you're applying to
universities you need to have minimum
five or six so you kind of have these
different options with different
acceptance rates so you maximize the
probability of you getting somewhere
pizza or burger burger definitely I have
low GPA do you think I can get accept a
good University of scholarship um I
don't know it's really like below GPA um
it's tough I would say um I don't know
well I know like a couple of people with
low G being ago to accept and go to
scholarship within they won their
Olympians and iced tea so they really
done bad and um humanities they hated
history they hated languages but they
were so good in IT they won their
international impotently got their
scholarships so you have to be really
outstanding asymptotic field um what is
the pro so applying to Harvard
University um it depends in the program
again normally they start their
application process in September for MBA
and masters for um bachelors they start
in November so you need to slight a
program go to Harvard admissions um so
you just type it in in Google like
Harvard undergraduate admissions and you
would see everything on their website
safe to travel alone of course any well
I don't know any country that is not
safe like if there is war in that
country then maybe it's not safe to
travel at all even if you're in a group
um but yeah I travel to the States alone
no problem
happy Ramadan thank you have you ever
been to Poland yes I've been to Poland
ten years ago Oh more thirteen years ago
we were on the tour and we were in
Warsaw for two days and we were in a
place called Catalan water probably um
with those solar things underground um
how far it is from your home to work
it's literally four floors we thought we
have an office here in our building
and I live on the 11th floor the office
is sixth floor
very convenient how can I study in
America with scholarship oh that's you
need to watch my video how I go
scholarships but for your situation I do
this private consultations where you can
ask about your particular situation but
if you want to get like general
information maybe listen to my story
which would give you some kind of
understanding what kind of profiles
universities are looking for how was it
to get a visa
do you have an opportunity to get a
green card I love Portugal um well it
was pretty tough to get a visa for me
because it took me six months to gather
all the documents like my visa is a one
and it requires publications and
recommendation letters and prove that
you've done a while there is a
helicopter just in front of my house
random yeah so you need to prove that um
you've done something significant you're
a part of some community that is really
hard to get into for us it was 500
startups which is an accelerator and the
probability together is like 3% and then
there were people who argue
accommodation letters so yeah it was
complicated took me six months but again
I personally personally I think that it
really depends whether you have a good
lawyer or not I would never ever apply
for the screen for this visa without a
lawyer and my lawyer actually helped me
a lot and yes there is a streamlined
process well not a streetlight there is
a process to get a green card after Theo
one um do you like Taylor Swift I used
to like her two years ago No uh yeah
it's okay um okay um sorry I'm how do I
have to get a green card do you speak
Portuguese no I don't do speak Spanish
though I don't I know I need to learn
like I wish I could speak all of those
languages do I need cherry or GMAT for
architecture program um if we're talking
about architecture um sometimes you need
um Jerry if it's more technical if it's
more about design uh you wouldn't need
your Jerry you would need your portfolio
so it depends on you
our city I've seen architectural
programs like architecture and
engineering total per century I've seen
architecture and design just portfolio
which state would you recommend for
going to an exchange next year
California Florida experience life
without snow but this is my perspective
like because I spent 26 years of my life
in st. Petersburg with really rough
winter I would escape snow at any chance
I am high to work in the Silicon Valley
do you have any tips for that mmm well
Silicon Valley is all about coding
running a startup so you need to be in
that sphere I guess but sometimes also
me like normal I give me normal people
who don't have to do anything with tech
and I'm like oh my god does life really
exists outside startups and coding in
the Silicon Valley and yes it does um
but again if you are coming from
somewhere I think it will be more it
would be better if you do something with
debt because otherwise you will be able
to UM get this high salary that would
allow you to live here mmm
oh there is such a great common here you
have cleared so many doubts for so many
people including me you're awesome thank
you so much it's great to hear that um I
know you made a bunch of videos already
but I'm junior in high school and I'm
planning to attend Stanford after
graduation and tips tips to start
working on it from now um so do
something extraordinary um if you want
to attempt an economics class like you
want to do your undergraduate degree and
major in economics do something connect
with economics go to an office like
close to your place say hey I want to
volunteer I want to do things I want to
practice I want to get this experience
or take part in as many competitions as
you can or publish your work somewhere
so do something
that your classmates don't do because
Stanford is looking for extraordinary
applicants to a very cheap university in
LA is a good option 1/100 of $1,000 like
I've never seen any university that
costs $1000 Oh yet Technical Certificate
okay again I don't know which country
you from if you have permission to stay
and work in the United States I know
many people have done just the associate
degree and started working I know people
without any higher education but were
very talented and they know what they're
doing and they just done a certificate
to me like acting um Mitchell Institute
in acting and they went on and did their
acting but this is very unique so I'm
really afraid to advise you something
because I don't you know don't know you
at all um but I would say like $1000 is
a little bit suspicious I would check
the accreditations of that University
what type of scholarship is the best
marina um the best type of scholarship
is the one that you don't have to give
back um so in my case um University of
Johns Hopkins University offered me a
scholarship which was just so marina
here's your scholarship just a general
University and education suite which was
great um with the University of Florida
told me for example we give you an
assistantship um and you need to work
for us Jenna was a week which was like
limiting my free time so the best
scholarship is the one that you don't
have to give back and the one that you
don't have to work for so you just get
it and you study and that's it which
city in Germany is good for jobs for
student having master's intellectual
engineering um well I was in Dresden and
I met a lot of people with master's in
electrical engineering and one of my
friends went to work in Berlin um one of
my friends went to work in um Stuttgart
um so yeah and I would say like research
the companies that you like and see
where the head offices are million I
guess is also very perspective for that
how you can
your percentage - GPA that's a good
question so GPA maximum was for um my
maximum in my university was five so I
just took five four hundred percent and
I realized my hundred percent like I
have what ninety five percent of that
one hundred and then I just converted it
to the maximum four and that was it I
hope I described it correctly and you
got what I'm saying so imagine that your
five is one hundred percent in your four
hundred percent when you can compare
percentages whether steady business and
filming uh that's like a random question
UCLA I don't know um can you suggest me
a best university for us post-grad in
international business management you
see this is like this is if you're
asking a question I would really ask you
to give me some background because the
best university for management is
Harvard University if you look at the US
News ranking and you look at the best
universities Harvard is the top Business
School in the u.s. right now but I also
understand that ninety-five percent of
applicants would not get there so um to
earn a full scholarship what is the
lowest oval n SAT score again depends on
the university and I don't think they're
just looking for your SAT and TOEFL
they're also looking for something else
how to get a green card that's that's a
question to ask a lawyer but there are
different kinds of green cards and there
are extraordinary ability green cards
there are people you know I know so many
people here who just won the green card
there's this DV lottery and they just
apply and then they comment below my
videos oh hi marina I just won a green
card and like wow that is so simple I
know like people spend $20,000 of
lawyers getting their green card and I
also know people who like just apply it
spend two minutes and they want and they
come to the space they're like wow ah
this world is so weird
can you start your business in this
stage with f1 visa while doing MBA of
course actually you can start your
business in the States without being in
the state
in order to start a corporation for
example you don't need to be here
you can hire a lawyer who would do
everything for you and yeah and you can
definitely start a business on b1 b2 f1
what you cannot do you cannot work for
your business but you can start a
company you can just some fundraising
you can do some meetings in terms of
marketing like growing your product but
you cannot actually work for your
company um so when we came to the
Silicon Valley when we took part in 500
accelerators we registered a company and
we were fundraising um but then I needed
to change my visa to actually work for
linguae trip I need to apply for another
visa type or have green card um oh so
okay that's the continuation of the
questions no if you just want to start a
company you don't have to but if you
want to work for it later you know you
will have to yeah but the best person to
this grow up to discuss this would be a
lawyer an immigration ward because I can
only say from my perspective and what
I've gone through do US universities
offer scholarships to international
students yes they don't favorite song oh
good question I don't know I like leave
Alan a lot is there any preference in
Stanford regarding selection of students
in be already done professional course
like Indian trader the content um I
guess that would be like a minor
advantage but not the major so Stanford
um again they're looking for something
extraordinary if you like build a big
company with hundred employees in India
like from the people that I meet they've
either um worked for a big company with
a big name in your country or somewhere
else or they've run a start-up which has
like 50 100 people employees so
something really extraordinary but
that's for MBA and by the way next week
I think I'm going to visit one of my
friends at Stanford who is doing her MBA
and we're going to do like one day it's
ten per student day what what did I say
one day in the life of Stanford student
we're just edit business okay I answered
that one favorite movie oh I don't know
the inception um what would you apply
okay um do you like El Allah um sorry
I'm oh wow so many smile is uh is it
important to have some sort of working
experience before applying for an MBA
program um I would say it's uh better if
you have one so if you have more
experience because then you would be
able to prove that you actually
understand what you're doing and maybe
show something again something
extraordinary like for example in your
company you've been working for two
years and normally people would get
promoted only after two years of work
but you get promoted um after one you're
working and showed amazing results and
this is what would definitely show to
university that you would be a future
leader and that's what they're looking
for please say hi to Israel hi to Israel
I was just talking to an investor and he
said that two places in the world the
best places to our new startup is Israel
and the Silicon Valley is it really
important to have some sort of okay I
did that um most people could Google
these answers I know I can I get some
hundred GMAT in three months uh I got
seven hundred and two months but it
really depends like my English was
advanced when I started my preparation I
don't know about your English but it's
definitely possible
I know people who scored 750 after two
weeks of preparation but those people
also have an advanced level of English
and they also have that background in
maths which really really helped them
is it possible to get into universities
with 70% wife's and under graduation II
I guess 70% GPA yeah of course what's
your GPA okay um yeah I said at the
beginning of this livestream my GPS 3.7
87 or Sindy what was it so 3.8 something
around there greetings from Serbia I
still can't stand how did you get into
your schools well I worked a lot like I
graduated from my university 2012 then I
started my company and then it was like
um so my company started growing but
then it stopped going because there was
this crisis in Russia and I thought I
don't really want to grow the company
that is no growing I want to build a
startup and we started building a
startup and we completely ran out of
money so my Kohanim went to work for
another company so he could reinvest his
salary into building the startup and in
2014 things were really really rough we
had this office for three people that
were rented for $400 and we didn't have
money to pay for it so I started renting
some tables out on Craigslist Russian
Craigslist and then I realized like I
was scrolling through my Facebook feed
and I saw a story of a girl who got into
American University and got full
scholarship and I was like I should try
and do that
um and I started the whole application
process I received an opportunity award
from umm like local representatives of
American government in Russia and they
actually paid for my jima TOEFL and all
of the application fees which was really
helpful because it was like the total
was $1,000 and I didn't have that money
back then um and I started an
application process I prepared like I
spent 6 hours every day preparing is it
was really late I decided to apply in
September and the first deadline was in
January um so it took me a lot of time
to figure out the universities that I
gave financial aid took me a lot of time
to prepare for gee you mad but finally
in March 2015
um I started receiving first replies
from universities and I receive
I guess from Johns Hopkins a yes from
you your fellow University of Florida
and those universities gave me
scholarships the nurse even a yes from
University of Illinois urbana-champaign
and I received a yes from University of
Scranton and from University of Tampa
and I received a note from University of
Wisconsin medicine and the same month I
was also like applying to different
accelerated programs with our startup
because I realized that wouldn't be able
to grow it without any funding and so I
applied and um in March 2015 we also got
an offer from investor to invest
$100,000 in a company and I was like oh
wow so I decided to not do my MBA
Master's and just switch over to running
my company and that's my story
and I've been in the Silicon Valley in
2015 then I went back to Russia
concentrated in growing my business got
my work visa and came back that's like
my life in short um much time in the USA
now is 12:30 p.m. thank you there is
some you're welcome in India thank you
so much what time is it in India by the
way must be really late hey I'm really
worried about the accent I don't have an
American accent oh you don't get it
later
I just work on it singing helps me a lot
communicating with native speakers
helped me a lot and if you want to
practice again there is a link below
this video that allows you to practice
with native speakers straight away like
it just press the button and you get
connected to native speaker um do you
like scholarships for any website so all
of the scholarships that I've received
came from the universities so apply
through the University's website what
what do you think is the most important
thing when applying for a scholarship
the most important thing is actually
making sure that the universities that
you're applying to a hundred have
confirmed you in writing that they've
already had international students who
received full financial assistance if
they have never given any financial
assistant to any international student
then there is no point in applying and
spending your time and money on the
application Oh
1:00 1:00 a.m. in India very interesting
story thank you thanks a lot
um yeah there is - Belgium hi Belgium
how could a simple European get into
Harvard or something like that
I did well again this is such a question
that we know they discussed you're in
consultations because I know how don't
know how simple you are um but again you
need to be show something extraordinary
um you can always try to apply but if
you're trying to apply for a top
university or they also suggest that you
have five universities with an
acceptance rate about 40% so you have a
good chance of getting accepted
somewhere this year um what happens with
your co-founders all of them locate in
Russia are they like one of our
co-founders is in London right now 100
Capone is just returned from London to
Russia so sometimes they come here it's
like it all over the place yeah how do I
know which universities is my resume
that's also a good question like how do
I know which universities right for me
um so we'll help me a lot if you go to
the admissions section of a university
there is usually this thing called
average class profile I know the top
universities always have them and you
look at the average class profile and
you compare yourself to the average
student because they say like um the
average GPA for the students who got
admitted last year was 3.8 and you know
that your GPA is 3.2 and I would say
here you need to really stop and think
whether you should apply to that
university because you're already below
at below average in your GPA and then
they have like the average GMAT for or
GRE or SAT whatever program you're
applying to um unlike comparing yourself
to other applicants um that will helps
how can I send you a super chat that's a
good question like nobody has ever sent
me a super chat but there is this dollar
sign below uh it's not like I'm asking
you it's just it it's fun but I've never
seen it I saw people receiving super
chat questions um okay guys those who
are asking questions in different
languages I only read in English here so
um what is your goal right now wow
that's a good question uh so I would say
well I'm concentrated a hundred percent
of growing on growing my company and
growing my YouTube channels so growth is
the main priority right now uh doing a
lot about that every day a lot of videos
a lot of thinking a lot of networking a
lot of like many old stuff that I have
to do in my company what kind of company
did you make so the company's called
lingual trip comm which has a study
abroad booking platform so wherever you
want to go like learn language in the
States you can book schools and are like
a benefits of looking through a platform
is that you get cheaper a spin directly
with school you also get professional
consultation you get real reviews so we
like booking comm for language schools
and we also have our own tutors we have
our Chima tutor who scored 780 and GMAT
and 340 on GRE we have a TOEFL tutor so
we are like your gate to international
education and why I started it is
because when I wanted to study in
Germany when I wanted to take a language
course in Germany I went to that agency
and asked how much it cost and the
agency told me an amazing price of like
two thousand euros and then it made my
research and realized actually cheaper
and I didn't understand why I had to go
to an offline agency to book my trip why
can it I just do everything online and
compare schools why is there no booking
com
so this is what we created this is a
startup and this is what we do
um can I change visa status to b1 b2 a
permanent visa or immigrant I think yes
but the first thing like is to find a
lawyer um and a good lawyer will
definitely tell you all about your right
waist so when I was looking for my
lawyer it took like I know maybe four
consultations with different people and
uh then I asked my friends whether they
could recommend a lawyer so it's like
you know looking for a boyfriend I don't
know you have to be really selective
because you're gonna spend a lot of time
with your or TOEFL IBT or IELTS um if
you're looking to go to American
universities in TOEFL if you are still
considering European then take IELTS
it's more Universal scores for full free
scholarship your scholarship doesn't
really depend on what you score in TOEFL
for example there is a minimum
requirement of TOEFL of 100 in the
university and if you do below nine
below 100 then they wouldn't even
consider your application so imagine
your score at 99 they say no
straightaway but if you scored even 120
that doesn't really affect your chance
of getting scholarship because the
scholarship depends on your personality
your academic achievements your
extracurricular activities your work
experience so there are different kind
of things they take your personality as
a whole and try to see his person and
that's how they make their decisions Oh
Sarah hey go through immigration with my
husband again um thanks for her to get
through oh so you are you going through
the American immigration you're coming
back or you're going through a German
immigration um
I know it takes forever like my visa
took six months um to apply and like
yeah the process is endless and who
knows how many people who spent like as
I said to $20,000 and getting their
green card and then I also know people
who just wanted to
with the DV lottery hey is official
guide sufficient for GMAT preparation
for me it wasn't sufficient for me
the official guide was just um like help
for me to understand what kind of tasks
and what kind of questions they're
asking but for the preparation itself
I used loads of different methods there
is this video on my channel where i talk
about prep for GMAT app I loved it it
really helped me get through my
quantitive section yeah
yessir says they're coming back at some
point
looks like it'll take a few more months
yeah let me know if you need the work I
can't recommend my um yeah see it's uh
um how to get married I think Google
Google will help you with that
how many is per week do you work as an
entrepreneur that's a really good
question because my week is unlimited
and I work all the time so for example
something happens and my a team needs me
to be there then I work I work with
weekends as well um but I cannot also
separate like my work from not my work
because when I'm doing this webinar I'm
also like promoting my company I'm
telling you about what we do so I don't
think it's just pure fun
um it also helps with with work and then
I'm getting your feedback sometimes
people say like oh and your website
there's this bug and I'm like ah thank
you so much so um I'm meeting people
like meeting investors meeting clients I
don't know like all of my life is around
language er how much of all the
questions how much time do you need to
learn in your language oh I don't know
it's really really depends on youth so
um like as I said it took me eight years
to learn German grammar but it took me
only two weeks to start speaking
so really depends hope you will get your
first 100 thousand subscribers and I'm
hoping that as well so my Russian chat
has 120,000 subscribers and I already
got verified by YouTube and I'm waiting
for my YouTube silver creators button um
but not on this channel yet so hoping
I'll get it soon what about your hair
yeah it's it's better now so I had this
video that I had problem with my hair
loss is just starting falling off but I
guess the problem was the lack of
vitamins because when I started taking
them like omega-3 I think that will
helped um and also like like this
multivitamin complex b12 like stop the
problem in two weeks so if you have this
problem watch the video like I tried
everything at a time and it worked and
I'm so happy
best University for an M being Harvard
Harvard Stanford and Chicago both top
three universities in the States
thank you for inspiration thank you so
much any tips for going for masters
Indiana State oh sorry
really like it's a really specific
question how to give myself encourage
and avoid some cravings which will
provide short-term satisfaction wow that
is like deep question um try to think of
what motivates you to do more like for
me sometimes I look at our competitors
and I see that they're doing something
that I'm not doing or that I'm doing and
not really paying attention to it then I
tried to work as much as I can because
I'm very competitive so this is what
gives me this drive but also um like
receiving positive feedback about what I
do like talking to our clients reading
the reviews and understanding that we
actually had an impact on somebody's
life that will helps me um stay
motivated um and about those like some
cravings which will provide short-term
satisfaction they're also useful um like
drinking coffees no really healthy but I
know that it is some kind of ritual that
I do every day and I'm gonna take my
coffee like once like
I'm gonna get this cup of coffee go to
the balcony and just enjoy
I call my mom whatever so yeah these
things are also good they help your
brain relax and get back to work
actually um I use this method for quite
a while when you work for 25 minutes and
then you have a break for five minutes
and this 25-minute interval actually
allows your brain to still think that
it's not stuck at work for an hour it's
just 25 minutes and then it's a break
and it helps you be more productive in
those twenty five minutes maybe try that
like 25 minutes work five-minute break
25 minutes work five-minute break and
then like again 25 minutes work one
five-minute break and then go and have
lunch hmm do you watch Game of Thrones
no I just finished watching West world
it took me two days I caught this virus
on Friday and I spent the whole weekend
at home and in this in the States it was
a long weekend we had three days off so
I was just lying in bed and pushing
Westworld um yeah I can like - doing
nothing for three days do have another
job universities give full financial
scholarships for some students they do
yes learning German in Berlin is better
than any other city in Germany um really
well in Berlin they have really pure
accent because when I came to dress and
they had sexy accent and there was some
things that I didn't understand uh
Berlin was great a really good accident
really good school I know so Berlin is
like a fun city to be in visiting I was
there during the Berlin le festival so
was able to visit although there on that
festival and also travel around Germany
but also Moonen I guess is a great city
I've been there and stood guard but
because I was this when I was 18 this
when it was in Berlin I was city girl
who needed a lot of shopping and a lot
of fun like going around and doing cool
things so I chose Berlin
do you feel less confident sometimes if
you do what you do of course it comes
and go sometimes if you like I should
stop doing everything at all the next
family I think that this is the best
thing in the world it's absent ups and
downs like there are so many pictures
depicting entrepreneurs life and one day
you're on the top of the world the next
day if they know I'm not doing that at
all so it's normal so well for anyone in
any kind of activity is learning Spanish
helpful for credit student as a second
in USA yeah I think Spanish is really
helpful here
so many people who speak Spanish and so
many um ads and so many customers
support in Spanish there are so many
Spanish people here hi from Mars hello
uh why are you speaking like Indian I
don't know be closer to you guys I did I
never knew I was speaking like an Indian
what is your favorite town um San
Francisco uh what would you recommend
for improvement TOEFL reading section
reading a lot of specific texts like
tofu really likes to offer you texts
about ancient paintings in caves or
biology or geography so read as many
texts as you can um and you will be able
to get closer to the Lexus that you're
using why don't you speak Russian for a
while um I actually have the whole
channel in Russian if you type in marina
McGill Co you will see my Russian
channel and there is so many Russians
yes um some people actually say when
they watch me in English and when they
watch me Russian they're two completely
different people two completely
different personalities different
intonations and um yeah that's funny let
me know when you think I can afford an
opening company in a USA living in
another country yeah as I said as
possible if you hire lawyer which does
everything for you um
are you planning to add lingual what
kind of thing which can help since
access booking to course immediately can
you um ask this question again because I
don't I think I don't understand what
you mean sorry any app for Android to
learn Spanish
I think duolingo is really good they're
free but they're really for beginners
level your biggest fan from Tunisia hi
or is your Russian channel it's I can
type in here in the chat so if you if
you just type Marina more gilko um yeah
it's like in the US take easier compared
to the life in Germany I would say it's
harder in the USA because there is um
yeah if you falling ill you need to have
a lot of money so you need to work hard
in order to support your health because
health system is really expensive and
then um everybody here works a lot
everybody's crazy about what they're
doing they're working 24/7 and the
culture in the States is that people are
really um kind of um what was the best
way to say they're not lying about their
success but they're making it seem
bigger um so I had this guys in our
bashing 500 who are boasting how they
just raised 1 million how amazing the
product is and how they're going to
change the world and by the end of the
program they haven't even launched the
product so they hire like 15 people and
then like I know my mentor has started
digging into what they were doing and
they never launched a product at all
they just shut down but their founder
was so confident he was going around and
saying how they gonna build this app and
how it's gonna change the world and
sometimes when you just come here and
you do not know that some people
exaggerate their success um you think
that uh wow they're so cool I'm doing so
bad my company is not growing and
they're like changing the world already
and you think that you're not in the
right place but then when you understand
the culture and when you understand that
maybe there is nothing behind those
words that people are telling you then
you feel better and confident about what
you do so yeah your sister um do you
know where is hungry of course I do
uh what do you think about learning
English by movies you when you're able
to understand what it says then switch
on English subtitles um actually like I
watched a couple of West world TV show
series in in English with English
subtitles and I learned a new word which
is grunge yeah actually a couple of
words I think there was another one as
well at least I started hearing this
word like every episode and I'm like I
need to learn it and I've heard like
grunge ten times during the the worst
little TV show and I learned it so why
don't you switch on the English
subtitles and try and learn it um with
them I'm now 17 after aerospace
engineering should I worked as an should
I work as an employee or should I think
of starting a private setup oh wow this
is like um so completely up to you it
really depends I think if you are an
entrepreneur um you should already start
right now and not wait until you get a
degree because this is not really
connected you're getting your degree in
studying company two completely
different things and for me my case my
degree wasn't really helpful in running
the company so I started my company when
I didn't have my bachelor's I started it
during the university so I think it's
the kind of personality either you're
ready to do that or you're not um and it
doesn't depend on your education why
don't you start a challenge German you
know I wanted it so much yeah for you
Belgian German Austrian friends yes but
um with some my German is not as perfect
as English it's great so I can speak um
but because I'm this perfectionist I
think it's going to take me like five
hours to film a video because if I
notice some slight mistake so when does
I mistake I want to correct myself and
also it's a lot of work um I actually
recorded a video
pass TOEFL but in German um but then I
realized because I have two YouTube
channels and I do like to live streams a
week and I released two videos a week um
it's too much work to altogether with
running a company so maybe set some day
later um how can I improve my writing
skills up
practice and get feedback from the
someone like a native speaker we have
Jonathan who's a native speaker from
California you can um take class with
him and ask him to write up to help you
with the writing uh when will your
todays live stream finish so it will
last for an hour four more minutes left
some taking last questions I guess how
many Ukrainian students studied in u.s.
psychologists I know I don't know about
Ukrainian but I know that last year
there were 10,000 Russian students I
guess Ukrainian maybe like 500 but I
think you can find official statistics
on the USCIS website if you look for f1
visas maybe um have you been to st.
Petersburg in Florida no I won't live in
to see meters burger in Russia but I
love well I like Florida I love Florida
because there is no snow I really like
Miami but I've only been to Miami and
Fort Lauderdale keep laughing oh well
thank you
hi from Chile what's the best way to
learning English do you think going
somewhere with English is spoken taking
a language course and go to that country
and immersing yourself and if you do
this for lingual trip that would be
great it would be really happy to help
you and save money on your education as
well
how can I meet you I think we're meeting
right now
no virtually
have you ever been interested in this
Bronto this is like the language that is
dead right no I I'm interested in things
that I actually that I can use that I
can use straight away can you make a
video telling us how to prepare to get a
internship in the US I'm not really into
that um so I don't really know a lot
about what internet but my cousin just
came to the States from Moscow for four
months on working working travel program
he just arrived yesterday in North
Carolina and I'm definitely meeting him
and we're definitely shooting a video so
ah did was your family in Russia of
course I do my mom just visited she left
like literally a week ago
um do you help to get visa to go to
England yes we do we have a visa to
actually have a guy who worked for a
British Consulate and he knows how
everything functions so he's a really
good professional yeah we do visa helps
as well
um can I improve my speaking skills for
IELTS with linguae trip stick of course
and this is like one of the best ways to
improve your speaking skills so our
teachers I don't like IELTS teachers
they just native speakers but um this
thing with IELTS that is that you're
talking to a person you don't know um so
uh talking to your computer talking to
somebody you don't see is really really
helpful this is the kind of experience
that actually helps you set your mind
right for this exam taking strategy how
to get in oh okay ah perfect ah so we're
meeting right now
yeah have you ever visited UK the UK
yeah I've been there like um this is
where the majority of our schools are
and we have really good foreigners there
and this is where I started learning
English so yeah okay and keep talking
24/7 okay um okay guys I think the last
question would be what which languages
do you speak I speak English Russian
German and a little Italian
I understand it um okay uh thank you so
much for attending this livestream today
I will see you next Tuesday exact same
time so it's going to be regular it's
going to be every Tuesday 12:00 p.m.
California time and whatever time you
have um I'm really looking forward to
next Tuesday and I'm going to release a
new video I think today tomorrow
probably tomorrow um and yeah thank you
so much for participating in this one
and I hope you have a good day and good
night and I'll see you soon bye